[music]
intermunicipal administration of the interior ministry of russia
Yakut statement on crime
turned young man he told
what a few minutes ago two
unknown
near one of the apartment buildings on
street of Lermontov city of Yakutsk with
the use of violence took hold of him
car toyota cresta immediately after
receiving message orientation
hijacked vehicles and on
intruders were transferred to the outside
after a while
traffic police inspectors noticed
stolen transport from one of the city
Yakutsk after a short
car harassment was delayed
driving a foreign car was a man with
Signs of a state of alcohol
blueberry intoxication now and then was
arrested and the second party to the crime
currently in regards to home from
them a preventive measure in the form of
arrest initiated a criminal case